[14.0][MIG] purchase_order_secondary_unit (#1032)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_order_secondary_unit/readme/USAGE.rst

To use this module you need to:

#. Go to a *Product > General Information tab*.
#. Create any record in "Secondary unit of measure".
#. Set the conversion factor.
#. Go to *Purchase > Quotation > Create*.

> #. Change quantities in line and secondary unit (produc_qty will be change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Change secondary qty and secondary uom in line, and quantity (product_qty) will be changed (according to the conversion factor).
```

Author: Updated.
